hey guys my name is Lamar I play West
and I'm Jordan and I played yourself and
a few fans sent in some questions and
I'm going to ask Jordan alright do it
let's do it okay
what's it scary jumping off the block at
Nationals Oh funny story
so when we first did it the first take
that we did Lamar yes with a little fate
a little bit late getting there
so I I freaked out a little bit cuz I
wasn't sure if he was coming but
obviously the more I got here an over
and I think honestly Trevor and Lamar
were more scared than I was to catch me
you know cuz you didn't want to like
they do anything like that there was
like 10 feet high yeah it was pretty
high I didn't I couldn't really see so I
was just like let's go for it and she
jumped backwards so it's like backwards
into our arm so yeah yeah I wasn't
really too scared but I think yeah a
little bit more all right next question
Jordan I love dancing because it's a
great way to express your feelings why
do you love it actually I love it for
that exact reason yeah I think I think
dancing is a great way to emot--
yourself and if you're having a bad day
and you go into a dance studio and you
just start dancing you kind of let go of
all those negative feelings or if you're
having a great day and you just feel
like jumping around in the street go for
it so that's exactly why I love it sweet
what she said hey what is the most
embarrassing thing that has ever
happened to you often
that's a hard one I guess them catching
on to my laugh because yes that is my
actual laugh yeah and it is crazy yeah
that's kind of like an inhale again you
know it's like that donkey meet seals
yeah just if you will yeah probably a
very weird sound
yeah comes out of her mouth mom sorry
about that next question I think you are
the best answer ever and I really look
up to you I can do quite a lot of flips
and tricks but I have always really
wanted to know how to do the splits do
you have any tips and by the way
redheads rule yeah oh that's amazing
um yes the redheads rule Oh it splits
are a hard thing what I did personally I
was super super flexible but I know for
the people that had a hard time with the
splits they would put their their leg up
on a chair and triangle in the splits um
for their over splits because then when
they would put their foot down they
would be down even further so you just
got to really keep stretching and hold
it for at least 30 seconds yeah there
you go next question who would each of
you say has the most swag on the next
step yeah I love fashion so you know
oh yeah he's OE he has everything
together okay okay Jordan if you had a
hotel all to yourself yeah who wouldn't
a true would you share with like a whole
hotel like a full hotel room to yourself
but you have one extra bed and you have
to invite someone else from a true would
it be I would kind of invite everyone
because I feel like a big slumber party
would happen and we could just yeah just
hang out which is really fun yeah
yeah hi I'm a really big fan of the next
step and my question is if you can rule
the world for a day what would you do
what would I do
yes oh goodness I want to kind of maybe
travel around the entire world in one
day like you know make a little pit stop
like half an hour Paris just wait half
an hour yeah like a litter yeah it would
be really cool to meet the Queen yeah I
think dance is an international language
so dancing around the entire world and
everybody feeling good I think that
would be a really cool thing to do you
just have all the money in the world
then you can just fly and get everyone
dancing yeah incredible I would join hey
you want to come sure great all right
how long did you train before you were
an academic how long did I train
oh I started when I was five years old I
was not very good I can barely do a step
clap I was tripping over my own feet the
coordination was zero or negative I
would say yeah so it was it was not an
easy thing for me plus I was like a
noodle so I was all over the place no
yeah just like swappi yeah yeah that's
the best way to describe it no yeah okay
it took a couple maybe three four years
to kind of get there and start to
understand I figured out I was a
contortionist randomly so that was all
right last question oh how did you learn
how to do a backwards walkover because I
really want to learn how to do one
Oh tons and tons of practice yeah just
just in acro class constantly taking
dance lessons and constantly being
around my dance friends we would all
practice all the time it was something
that we did at recess
you know walking home which was kind of
silly you don't want to do that don't do
that any any chance that I could have
done a crow I took it so just just be
persistent and keep working on it
hard work right it takes a lot of work
remember if you're doing a back walkover
you want to leave with your hands and
keep your elbows by your ears because if
you lead with your head guess what's
going down first and we don't want any
injuries nope
so keep it safe yes keep it safe okay
those are all the questions that have
for you today thank you so much for
sending in your questions it's been a
lot of fun thank